URL: https://www.xfinity.com/chat/

Hi!

Ask me anything

You can describe any Xfinity issue you’re having, or just ask a question, like “How do I pay my bill?” And if for some reason I can’t give you the answer, I’ll connect you to agent who can.

Ask Xfinity

Service problems?

Describe an issue you’re having like, “I need to restart my modem” or “What’s going on with my internet connection?” if I can’t resolve it, I can connect you with a live agent who can.

Start troubleshooting

All things Xfinity

I’m there for you whenever and wherever with any of your Xfinity products or services. from recording your favorite shows on your X1 DVR to updating you on your package delivery, I got you covered.

How can I help?

Some of my specialities include:

Billing

Xfinity TV support

Xfinity Voice support

Xfinity Internet support

Xfinity Home Security

Forgot username or password

Xfinity app support

Xfinity Mobile support

TV remote pairing

Support article links

Accessibility for all Find out about closed captioning, voice guidance, and other features for users with disabilities.

Get accessibility support

Get account and billing help Learn about your bill, how to enroll in automatic payments, and ways to manage your services.

View account & billing support

Having service issues? Check for service outages that could be affecting you, and troubleshoot solutions.

Access the status center

Move in a minute Prepare for your upcoming move online and stay connected to fast WiFi, TV, and more.

Schedule a move

Get help in person Find an Xfinity store or service center near you.

Locate a store

Please confirm your Cookie preferences here. We use Cookies to improve our Services, optimize your experience, and serve ads relevant to your interests. By selecting Accept All, you consent to our use of Cookies. Learn more in Cookie Preferences and ourCookie Policy

Your Cookie Preferences

Like many companies, we use cookies and other common tracking technologies (Cookies) to optimize and analyze your experience on our Services, and serve ads relevant to your interests. You may choose which Cookies to allow, and can change your preferences at any time. If you decline or remove Cookies, some parts of the Services may not function properly. Please go hereto see what other choices you can make, including to manage account-based and other sharing or sales opt outs. Learn more in our Cookie Policy. Accept AllDecline All Cookie Policy

Manage Consent Preferences

Strictly Necessary

Always On

These Cookies are required for Service functionality, including for system administration, security, and fraud prevention, and to enable any purchasing capabilities. You can set your browser to block these Cookies, but some parts of the site may not function properly.

Analytics and Performance

These Cookies collect data regarding your usage of and performance of the Services. We and our vendors use these Cookies to perform analytics, to improve the content and user experience, for statistical purposes, to improve the Services, and develop new ones. They are also used to recognize your device across platforms and devices for the above purposes.

Personalized Advertising

These Cookies collect data about your website visits, your use of the Services, your preferences, and your interaction with advertisements across platforms and devices for the purpose of delivering personalized advertising content on and off the Services. Third-party sites and services also use Personalized Advertising Cookies to deliver content, including advertisements relevant to your interests on the Services and third-party services. If you reject these Cookies, you will still see advertising, but it may be less relevant.

Functional

These Cookies enable us to provide certain features, such as determining if you are a first-time visitor, capping message frequency, remembering choices you have made (e.g., your language preferences, time zone), and assist you with logging in after registration (including across platforms and devices). Data collected under this category can also be used to select and deliver personalized content, such as news articles and videos, and measure the delivery and effectiveness of that content.

Cookie List

label

Consent Leg.Interest

label

label

label