URL: https://www.xfinity.com/Corporate/Customers/Policies/ecobilltermsofservice

Customer Agreements and Policies

Paperless Billing Terms of Service

You have chosen to no longer receive a Comcast billing statement by mail. By consenting to receive online bill statements only, you will receive the following categories of documents and information in electronic format only: (a) your monthly bill statement, and (b) all other notifications, disclosures and other information that Comcast is required by law to provide or make available to our subscribers in writing and which we distribute to our subscribers receiving paper delivery of their monthly bill statements by inclusion in a bill statement mailing. If you wish to obtain a paper copy of any such document or information, the paper copy will be mailed to you upon request at no cost. To request a paper copy of any such document or information, you may contact us 1-800-COMCAST or via www.comcast.com.

You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by choosing to resume paper delivery of your monthly bill statement. To elect to resume paper delivery of your monthly bill statement, please visit our Web site at www.comcast.com. After you successfully sign in, please navigate to where you may manage your statement delivery preferences, follow the instructions provided, and save your changes.

In order to ensure that we are able to provide you with important notices and other information, you must update us with any change in your email address. To update the email address on your account, please visit our Web site at www.comcast.com. After you successfully sign in, please navigate to where you may change email address, follow the instructions provided, and save your changes. If you fail to update your email address and we receive a response that our email was undeliverable, the email containing: (a) your monthly bill statement, and (b) all other notifications, disclosures and other information that Comcast is required by law to provide or make available to our consumer subscribers in writing will be deemed to have been received by you on the date the email was sent.

Comcast's hardware and software requirements for access to, and retention of, the information being provided to you in electronic form are outlined below. You must have access to a computer with an operating system among the types listed that is able to connect to the Internet using one of the browsers indicated. Your browser also must support 128-bit encryption. If it does not meet the requirements, your browser will instruct you on how to upgrade. All of your electronic bill statements and other required information provided to you in electronic form with your monthly electronic bill statement can be printed or saved electronically to your computer for your records. In order to print a copy of your electronic bill statement or any document linked to your electronic bill statement, you must have one of the following operating systems and Internet browsers: Windows XP or higher or Mac OS X 10.4 or higher, Internet Explorer 6 or higher, Firefox 3.0 or higher or Safari 3.0 or higher, and a working printer that is compatible with, and properly connected to, your particular computer. If you use spam filters for your emails, please add Comcast Customer Care at comcast_com@comcast.net to your approved senders list.

If we make a change in the hardware or software requirements listed above, and that change creates a material risk that you will no longer be able to access or retain the records described in Section 1 above, we will provide you with an explanation of the revised hardware or software requirements necessary for your access and retention of such records, and will ask you to confirm your consent to receipt of such records in electronic format only. You will have the right to withdraw your consent at that time by electing to resume paper delivery of your monthly bill statement in accordance with the procedures described in Section 2 above.

By providing your consent, you are confirming to Comcast that you are able to access all of the documents, records, and information described in Section 1 in electronic form.