URL: https://www.xfinity.com/Corporate/Customers/Policies/EsignDisclosureAgreement

Customer Agreements and Policies

E-Sign Act Disclosure and Agreement

Your Consent To Use Electronic Records and Signatures

From time to time, Comcast and its affiliates or agents (collectively, “we”, “us” or “Company”) may provide you with certain notices, disclosures or contracts, some of which are required by law to be “in writing”. The federal E-SIGN Act and certain state laws allow us to provide you these written notices, disclosures or contracts electronically with your consent. These laws also allow the use of electronic signatures. Described below are the terms and conditions for providing you such notices, disclosures or contracts electronically as well as to use electronic signatures. This consent relates to any electronic records or signatures associated with any of your Comcast services as long as you subscribe to the services, including your subscriber agreement, service messages and notices related to product or price changes (collectively, “Electronic Records”). We also reserve the right to provide you notices, disclosures or contracts in paper, even if you have consented to receive Electronic Records.

Please read the information below thoroughly and, if you can access this information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to these terms and conditions, please confirm your acceptance of this agreement by clicking the “I consent to use Electronic Records and Signatures with Comcast” button located on the previous page. If you do not agree to use electronic signatures or to receive Electronic Records, click the link indicating you wish to sign on paper.

Right To Have Records Provided On Paper

At any time, you may request from us paper copies of any Electronic Records at no cost to you. You may request delivery of paper copies by contacting 1-800-XFINITY. Additionally, following your signing session, you will have the ability to download and print your XFINITY Home agreement through the DocuSign, Inc. (“DocuSign”) system. You will receive an email with a link to access your agreement within the DocuSign system.

Right To Withdraw Your Consent To Receive Electronic Records; Consequences

If you agree to receive Electronic Records, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and at no cost to you. You must inform us of your decision by contacting 1-800-XFINITY. If you elect to receive records only in paper format, or refuse to sign electronically, it may slow down the speed at which you receive documents or information about your account or services.

Your Contact Information

If you elect to receive Electronic Notices, you must keep your email address up to date. Other than your XFINITY Home subscriber agreement, which will be sent to the email address you provide us at the time of signature, we reserve the right to send Electronic Records to any email address that we have on file for you. You may change that email address at any time by calling 1-800-XFINITY.

Hardware And Software Minimum Requirements

Operating Systems: Windows XP, Windows Vista; Windows 7; Mac OS® X Browsers: Final release versions of Internet Explorer 7.0 or above (Windows only); Mozilla Firefox 3.0 or above (Windows and Mac); Safari 3.0 or above (Mac OS only); Google Chrome 5.0 or above. PDF Reader: Current version of Acrobat® or similar software that allows you to receive PDF files. Screen Resolution: 1024 x 768 minimum Enabled Security Settings: Allow per session cookies Hardware: A personal computer or tablet on which you have access to the Internet

Pre-release (e.g. beta) versions of operating systems and browsers are not supported. You must also have an active email address. These minimum requirements are subject to change in our sole discretion. If these requirements change, and such change creates a material risk that you would not be able to access or retain your Electronic Records, we will provide you notice at the email address we have on file for you, at which time you will have the right to withdraw your consent.

Acknowledgement Of Your Access And Consent To Electronic Records

By consenting to use electronic records and signatures, you agree that

You were able to read this electronic E-SIGN ACT DISCLOSURE AND AGREEMENT

You were able to print on paper or electronically save this agreement for your future reference or you were able to email this disclosure to an address where you will be able to print on paper and save it for future reference.

You have an active email address on file with Company and confirm that you have the hardware and/or software described above.

Until you notify Company as described above, you consent to receive electronically any records, notices, agreements or disclosures made to me by Company during the course of your relationship with Company.