URL: https://www.xfinity.com/support/internet/end-of-life-devices/

Why it's important to upgrade end-of-life (EOL) and unsupported equipment

Devices that are identified as EOL are no longer supported on the Comcast network.

If you own your device, you can check the EOL status by visiting My Device Info and signing in to your account or entering your device make and model in the search bar on the homepage.

What does it mean when a device is no longer supported?

A device that's EOL and no longer supported by Comcast is any Xfinity device that needs to be replaced after becoming obsolete due to changes in technology. Older equipment was not designed to support the faster speeds and improved security features that are currently available.

If a device is EOL or no longer supported by Comcast, we'll no longer install the device, either as a new or replacement device. In addition, we'll no longer recommend that customers purchase the device, whether new or used.

Order new equipment

If you received a notice to update your equipment, please follow the below steps to order new equipment.

For rented equipment like TV Boxes and modems, you can choose one of the following options:

Visit xfinity.com/equipmentupdate and follow the on-screen prompts to order new equipment.

This option is not available to all customers.

Contact us to place an order, ask questions or schedule a professional installation.

An additional fee may apply.

For TV Boxes, just use your TV! Go to channel 1995 and follow the on-screen instructions to get a new TV Box shipped to your home.

Visit us to exchange your existing equipment at an Xfinity Retail Store.

If you own equipment, visit My Device Info to find compatible modems for your level of service. You can also check to see you if your existing modem is up-to-date.

Learn how to find the right device using My Device Info.

Already ordered a new device?

Thank you for placing the order to upgrade your new device. Your order will be processed in approximately 24–72 hours from the time you placed it.

If you have questions about your order status, contact us at 1-855-242-2876 or chat with us at least 72 hours after placing your order to allow time for processing.

To protect our environment, please don't dispose of your old equipment with your trash. Return the device to any Xfinity Retail Store or UPS Store location. Comcast has teamed up with UPS to accept Comcast equipment returns at no cost to you.

You can also check with your local municipality for electronic recycling. With your help, we are caring for the planet by ensuring our equipment is responsibly recycled. Help us reduce e-waste by returning your equipment.

Was this page helpful?

Recommended Articles

Replacing your TV Boxes and modems — FAQs Use approved third-party equipment for Xfinity Internet and Xfinity Voice View your equipment information in your account How to upgrade your modem X1 TV Box equipment types View X1 TV Box information online Overview of Xfinity Gateways