URL: https://www.xfinity.com/terms/feedback


Terms for Submission of Feedback, Suggestions, and Ideas

Effective Date: December 4, 2023

These Terms for Submission of Feedback, Suggestions, and Ideas (“Submission Terms”) apply to any feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other information or content you submit or provide (“Submissions”) to Comcast Cable Communications, LLC, or our affiliates and subsidiaries (“Comcast”). Submissions include all information contained in the materials you submit to us and any subsequent conversations or information you later provide to us. Submissions may be oral, electronic, in writing, or in the form of a physical object.

By providing your Submission to us, you agree to and accept these Submission Terms. If you do not agree to these Submission Terms, do not send us your Submission. Our consideration of your Submission is expressly conditioned on the representations in and your agreement to these Submission Terms.

No Confidentiality

Comcast is a large company and we may already have or be aware of ideas similar or identical to yours. As a result, we will not receive your Submission in confidence and your Submission will not establish a confidential relationship between you and Comcast. We do not promise to review or use your Submission or compensate you if we do. We are in no way obligated to maintain or return any documents, items, or other materials you provide to us in connection with your Submission. These Submission Terms solely protect Comcast. You do not have a confidential, fiduciary, or other relationship with us without a written agreement signed by one of our duly authorized corporate officers. Consider consulting a lawyer before sending us your Submission.

License Granted to Comcast

You retain ownership rights in your Submission, subject to the license you grant us under these Submission Terms. By sending or otherwise communicating your Submission to us, you grant to us an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, unrestricted and sub-licensable license to use, copy, distribute, make, exploit, sell, offer for sale, practice, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform, and publicly display, all or any portion of your Submission in any manner whatsoever, in any medium now known or later developed, and authorize others to do so, without paying or otherwise compensating you, without indicating that the Submission is yours, and without having any obligation or liability to you or to any other person or entity. We are free to test, evaluate, use, and commercialize your Submission (in whole or in part) for any purpose whatsoever and without compensating you.

Your Representations and Warranties

You represent to us that you are at least 18 years of age, and that you are the owner of all right, title, and interest in your Submission. You represent that you have not relied, and will not rely, on representations by any of our employees that contradict these Submission Terms. Our employees do not have the authority to change these Submission Terms. Only a writing signed by one of our duly authorized corporate officers can modify these Submission Terms.

Governing Law

Any disputes that arise between you and us regarding your Submission, including our use of your Submission, will be governed by Pennsylvania law without regard to its conflict of laws’ provisions. Venue for any actions shall be in the federal, state, and local courts in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania.